good morning
it's september 30 2020 and it's a
wednesday
here in l.a very clear
very still right now 70 degrees
fahrenheit 21 celsius
okay this is what i've heard
and i'll relay to you
the thorns on the rose bush
right now are big
and there are many of them and they're
sharp these are the poisonous
thorns of negativity
but the rose is so much
bigger it's huge
and beautiful this is the rose
of positivity this is the rose of our
future and it is huge
and it is beautiful
right now the thorns
of negativity are making their last
desperate stand but soon
they're gonna wither and fall away
they're gonna rot and disappear
so don't despair
great times are coming for the united
states
and for the whole world family
should be going up to around 98 degrees
fahrenheit this afternoon
37 celsius
and we should be enjoying
once again along with the toasty heat
those beautiful blue skies and golden
sunshine
everyone have a great day